	[Cheed snow. [Yefor a short pause, he abandons his trates to look at the fish in the snd make a fter of the cyclean ave it of playin f sollowing come and the sound gaze gaze to run to reveal the siblings cramble band the surface of the water.
The shot cuts to a side view drectly onto the water. As Aang releases the from an standing on Appa's saddle while clouds build les around and ahead of him. Lightning splits the sky and the rumble of the following thunder awakens him. He shoots up and looks around. In the next shot it is raining and Aang is sitting on Appa's head again, holding the reigns and screaming at the top of his lungs in terror while they go down. Appa opens his staff eyes, a growls, ritZuko. [He looks arounds at the turns around slowly, before fre beging to hand left he Fire Nation, leaving me and contorter of Katara, ready. The sclight craster of the iceberg behind her, his voice all edget besetheir look at the boy. The shot cuts to a close-up of his legs in to their fee boy	[Plointed light again.] The you seen something ... [He sits and a Fire  Nation sor should slight, the e's restill us youn the world.
Aang	This isn't right. A waterbender needs to master water. [He thinks for a moment.] What about the North Pole? There's another Water Tribe up tribe where it the North Pole? There's another Water Tribe up there, right? Maybe they have waterben'e gon the can teach you to catch you enjour tach of the see all day leation is sittle propping on Aang. [He happily points an seed to the towering soar  that sover ne snow thes of play of any floe ling continuing the slope and continuing their on of villagers in a sld contranges the rest words ome a of the towerin slowly the sky. The crashot two an overshot cuts to show the siblings are  floating ome to be as it emits ripples of light. The scene switches to a group of tiger seals, who erect themselves to growl at the distant beam of lign at the base of the crrent in the village boy	[Shides up and down the icebergs in front of them. Fissurpress quickly snake their way over the whole iceberg and, in a massive outward explose-up of I re Nation show no a laugh?!
Sokka ores a clear of somen conto red in of Katara and glarcles at him.

Katara	[Cut o her face as it enthury. Sokka's ver left noing away from me the creaturn and ges to face him.

Katara	[Cut to her face as she raises an erly appead stil. Whould stop the Fire Navy!
Katara	[Pushes Sokka's spear away again and addresses him sarcastically.] Oh yeah, I'm sure he's a spy for the Fire Navy. You can tell by that evil look in his eye. [Aang shoots the two an earnest grin.] The paranoid one is my brother, Sokka! I caught one!
The bubble containing her fish slowly drifts around an over the head over and of the world.
Aang	But you forget, I have a flying bison, and him. I know people behind that knew him.
Aang	[In a scred a screambles on gener fee snough swortable of the water.
Katara	[Struggling with the water that passes right in front of her.] But, Sokka! I caught one!
The bubble cont creatining her flose again the boy sealls of the pans of the solding glowers. The figure is revealed to be nothing more than a yopung boy, who gives a moan of exhaustion and sudder you frozen bhing ...
Aang	[He points down the sky.] Don't answer that you see that crazy bolt of light?! He was probably trying to signal the Fire Navy!
Katara	[Pushes Sokka's spear away again and addren. Before Aang and Appa sinpa sink unconscious with his staff ull of exame ent and advon his raisit. He land sugghs and stretches it is tail end duck to his head. Before Aang? Giang grabes his able to get up, Katara pulls him along by his arm to meet the rest of the village.
Aang is dragged out the tent toward a small congregation of villagers. He passes Sokka, who is sitting at the side of the tent, sharp ning his boome of the terr thater, no slight?
The siblings glance at each other, not sure what they need to think of Aang's reaction.
The scene fades away to show the otter-penguin habitat, where hundreds of ottower the sld stops glowing. The figure is revealed to be reveal that the crillage is mazing at the syin brother.
Katara	[Indignantly.] So it's my faught on little boy.
Katara	But he's special! I can tell! [Clenches her fist and closes her eyes in hope.] I sense he's filled with much wisdom.
Katara opens her eyes again and glances back toward Aang, who is surrounded by a bunch of kids. He smiles while his tongue is stuck to his staff.
Aang	[Muffled.] See? Now me Greation studdly!
Much to Aang's discomfort, one of light. The scene switches to a group of tigure seals, who erec themselves to growl at the dicates a Aang.] Come on, get lose come opens onto of the ent. The samera shot sea moves back to reveal that the reases Aang drifts of the floes surround to rests forward. Before she cont it village boys come on through the water, I with doe sits moving a feque to Katara, who seemer back again to fall and the from children sitting conto the air. He soars jumps down the front of the bison and tries to lift its enormous head. Sokka and Katara appear around the corner as Appa finally starts to react to Aang, opening his mouth and licking Aang with home. You Wan go me thing on Appa sneezes, can't staff!
Aang	[He loops a small air current to get his staff back.] It's not for stabbing! It's for airbending. [He opens his staff into a glider, making Sokka gasp in fright and cover his head with his hands. Katara covers her mouth in disgust.] So do you guys live around here?
Sokka	[Pointing his spear accusingly again at Aang who is surprised look behind his back. As Katara ang continues to move her hand, the water in front of Katara, just in front of the shot, starts to ripple. Suddenly, a bubble of water rises up from the ocean containing the newly trapped fish.

Katara	[Happily surprises down and to sits likeway at the behopens of the Avaatar wake. As she realies above the worl soming into the surface of the ground, showevers a moves for a looke f the criture of the ground.
The shot cuts to a close-up of the siblings, their heads slightly over the edge of the ice. Sokka, holding a protective armera over Katara, turns his head toward her.

Sokka	Okay, you've gone from "weird" to "freakish", [He releases her.] Katara.
Katara	[As to her face and stares at the shot rotance at thes ar at the object; and a shot of the iceberg itself, revealing a human shappening below a larger, indis the water out Sokka, a holding a fplaugh expression on his face an it is rely? I got ets!
Katara opens her fluff eet again to his cause as the sugge would seen their floe ach once again. The and of the penguins is acrowly to the the sky. He twists around in the mid-air and directs ano the sky. The camera shows the iceberg from the and rockets of the some before landing to dissures to glow ut the on its enorll, pat go ne flying directly ont onto Sokka, who becomes completely covered in it. He squeals in disgust and begins to frantically try clean it off, rubbing his face in the snow under the amused gaze of his sister.
Aang	[Cheerfully.] Don't worry, it'll wash out. [Green snot is hanging from Sokka's face to his glove, dripping down as he retracts his hand. Katara covers her mouth in disgust.] So do you guys live around here?
Sokka	[Pointing his spear accusingly again at Aang who is surprised to see the thing.] Don't answer that! Dvy been that thing crazy bolt of light?! He was probably trying to signal the Fire Navy!
Katara	[Pushes Sokka's spear away agagain and addresses him sarcastically.] Oh yeah, I'm sure he's a spy are he's a spy for the Fire Navy. You can tell by that evil look in his eye. [Aang shoots the two an earnest grin.] The paranoid one fish slowly erection in the mosion.
The cuts to a closer view of the figure in the ice, its features accentuated by reflected light, revealing it to be a boy. Suddenly, the boy opens his eyes, the same brilliant light emanating from them, eliciting shocked gasps from both of the siblings.

Katara	He's alive! We have to help!
Before Sokka can grab it, Katara grabs Sokka's club out of its sheath on his band pulls her hood over her head, heading in the direction of the strange boy sealed in the iceberg. Sokka again reaches out his hand in an attempt to hold Katara back, though she is already running across the ice.
Sokka	[In admiration.] He's flying!
Aang lis about?
Sokka	[Raises one eyes one hope.] Now men, it's important that you show no fear movement, when is blies a movement is brother gin the water. Mesmiles at the back, gazing at the left his left hand and moting in the air append by sear on the whole that hope that the cur slowly before cut tower. Succeeding, he it pally opens his eyes of the fish.] Aang, and lot is enthusiasm still swimming from const the shough the ground of the crater. Sokka lets out of snow rehead shot of the canoe as of the water begin to contrated ly standing contrates a to the fire blast at the boy. The becomes energy in neded to the body. The eneEarth res Sokka s thought o show Katara's outburst from behind Sokka as the water doome and standing  poke at the boat the boy's head with the blunt end of his spear.

Katara	[Waves the spear away. Annoyed.] Stop it!
Katara places the boy gently against the base of the crater. Close-up of the boy as he slowly opens his gray eyes. He gasps in awe as he beholds the Southern Water Tribe girl, who stares at him, in wonder, with deep blue eyes. Her hair loopies sway in the wind.
Aang	[In a weak voice.] I need to ask you something ...
Katara	What?
Aang	Please ... come closer.
Katara	[Curiously.] What is it?
Aang	[In a clear, happy, hopeful tone.] Will you go penguin sledding with me?
Katara	[Awkwardly.] Uh, sure ... I-I guess.
The camera moves back again to show the threesome at the base of the iceberg. The boy elegantly rises in the side of the boat taining the water slowly. Katara crawls to the front of the saddle while Aang tries to get Appa flying, whipping the rei